so the question for Nick Rucker Olli
he's the he's the host to the poker
players as he's been in fellatio now
here at Aria and the question is is
still going to show up to his own
cocktail party because he never shows up
to any of the NBC stuff any of the other
parties you know that right Phil would
never let me down when I say that well
that means he didn't get stuck somewhere
in the pit that some other I've had
people maybe sitting him all day he's
definitely okay okay good so
oh so this is just this idling thing is
just this tournament this is just for
this tournaments or all the way out okay
so we're normal but the poker the the
high-stakes room is about Olivia show me
this don't be a ribbon cutting tomorrow
of course I named that the IV room okay
so that's just the high stakes room was
yes just like that
doesn't look like they've changed the
layouts in their head well when they
played here I know they all came over
and played a game that was full with you
where they filled in play it was well he
came over but he told me that the game
was full so this is going to be there
never they're just going to always keep
one table here okay you know it's you
know all the same yeah how's the traffic
been since it opened I know he can't say
anything bad but I think it's doing good
receipt okay because I mean in this bad
economy sometimes hard to get people to
go to a new place relationships with
customers they tend to travel so it's a
new
property on the strip city centre the
whole thing's yeah big-time it's a
matter of more people coming over and
experiencing it and once they do they'll
see the level service and yeah actually
I'm curious of course I guess we're
gonna see in the regular hotel rooms
you're saying I just want to bed in the
shower that's all right I think one of
the interesting things and and I don't
know which way I would bet actually I do
know which were that during the World
Series but one of the big question I
think is gonna be during the World
Series where the poker traffic that
outside the real always was at the
Bellagio what percentage will be
repeated you know poker players are
still creatures of habit although the
one nice thing you talk about
convenience I for the first time took
that road from the panorama condos to
here
that's a nice road so it's one minute
drive will discover that anything new
people appreciate newness new house and
their common trust me there our
occupancy has gone way up the first
month we were open till now okay well
we'll see how much Phil
if Phil comes over here to play in the
big game and someone else comes over to
the lodge you were playing the big game
Phil will be sitting by himself because
nobody wants player Phil these days from
a long time ago hey Tommy
that's Bobby hey I might not have been
in this thing if it wasn't for keno
right no what I just tell you what
happened I can tell the story after you
told me you were in Chino said hey
did you get an invitation I said I have
the embedded sensors he said I can't
believe it so I text bill I said oh I
notice I didn't get invited your thing
he texts me back said of course you're
there's a seat for you but Phil so
absent-minded you know who knows if you
if I hadn't text them you never know if
there would have been estates right just
remember Barry wins this thing thank me
yeah well you means I got a free roll so
bad that's right thank you
do you know what is the right way you
know what thank you to Chino means right
you sure I got to see you know Scotty
for you know that this is the first time
this is the first time for nooses yeah
doesn't matter you still finally showed
up to a cocktail party we always try to
get in one of these parties he's ever
gone here's a stranger hello in here I
said here's a stranger got invited to
the tournament obviously one of the
bounties so you just come out for this
thing going back home or what and you're
go that you're going to stay through the
World Series or not yeah no no I meant
are you gonna go home first go home I'm
gonna go back okay where's joy joy here
or not she's coming on Sunday okay okay
lots of people should be a fun
tournament Phil Macbeth dark in the US
co-wrote insane with it so today we're
here to open a haunted poker room in
honor of Phil Ivey and everybody would
join me in a toast to honor in the room
for mr. Pillai
I'm truly like
I'm truly honored that bill and his
entire adage that I decided to put my
Dan on the one table room here it was an
easy decision for me when people
approach me to be partnered with Aria
and MGM the leader in the dating
industry I would personally like to
thank all my fellow poker players
friends family at VIP desk who attended
today to join me for this special
tournament I'll tell you it's a very
special day for me I really want to wish
everyone good luck today most
importantly must have some fun enjoy as
they say shuffle of the deal what's your
comment on this day heavy soccer speech
your hundred demons yeah why didn't you
just say how much they gave them exactly
it's great to see Phil do something out
there for other people and see them out
here you know opening the room and just
showing his face because a lot of people
he doesn't I mean I hope actually he
sees it probably how much it means that
everyone else around him for him to be
here for the people the fanciful 82
interacted was awesome cool occasion at
least he showed up yeah I mean that's I
think it's hard to see him in these kind
of things so I wanted his name for him
to be here is really garage yeah it's
good for poker players if they can get
their names out there a lot better than
having politicians names on things right